Clarify extension docs that custom extensions are not supported (#38070)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/guides/database/extensions.mdx

### Full list of extensions

> Supabase is pre-configured with over 50 extensions and additional extensions can be installed through the [database.dev](https://database.dev/) package manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Supabase is pre-configured with over 50 extensions and you can install additional extensions through the [database.dev](https://database.dev/) package manager.
```

> Pure SQL extensions can be installed directly in the database using the SQL editor or any Postgres client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can install pure SQL extensions directly in the database using the SQL editor or any Postgres client.
```
